Include client IP address in audit log (#147526)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/audit-logging.asciidoc

| *Field*
| *Description*

| `client.ip`
| Client IP address.

| `http.request.method`
| HTTP request method.

Example: `get`, `post`, `put`, `delete`

| `http.request.headers.x-forwarded-for`

> | `X-Forwarded-For` request header used to identify the originating client IP address when connecting through proxy server(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `X-Forwarded-For` request header used to identify the originating client IP address when connecting through proxy servers.
```
